 Jack Torrahought: Officious little prick.

    Ullman stood five-five, and when he moved, it was with the prissy speed that seems to be the exclusive domain of all small plump men. The part in his hair was exact, and his dark suit was sober but f. I am a man you  bring your problems to, that suit said to the paying er. To the hired help it spoke more curtly: This had better be good, you. There was a red ation in the lapel, perhaps so that no one oreet would mistake Stuart Ullman for the local uaker.

    As he listeo Ullman speak, Jack admitted to himself that he probably could not have liked any man on that side of the desk-uhe circumstances.

    Ullman had asked a question he hadn't caught. That was bad; Ullman was the type of man who would file such lapses away in a mental Rolodex for later sideration.

    "I'm sorry?"

    "I asked if your wife fully uood what you would be taking on here. And there's your son, of course." He glanced down at the application in front of him. "Daniel. Your wife isn't a bit intimidated by the idea?"

    "Wendy is araordinary woman."

    "And your son is also extraordinary?"

    Jack smiled, a big wide PR smile. "We like to think so, I suppose. He's quite self-reliant for a five-year-old."

    urning smile from Ullman. He slipped Jack's application bato the file. The file went into a drawer. The desk top was now pletely bare except for a blotter, a telephone, a Tensor lamp, and an in/out basket. Both sides of the in/out were empty, too.

    Ullman stood up ao the file et in the er. "Step around the desk, if you will, Mr. Torrance. We'll look at the floor plans."

    He brought back five large sheets ahem down on the glossy walnut plain of the desk. Jack stood by his shoulder, very much aware of the st of Ullman's cologne. All my men wear English Leather or they wear nothing at all came into his mind for no reason at all, and he had to clamp his toween his teeth to keep in a bray of laughter. Beyond the wall, faintly, came the sounds of the Overlook Hotel's kit, gearing down from lunch.

    "Top floor," Ullman said briskly. "The attic. Absolutely nothing up there now but bric-a-brac. The Overlook has ged hands several times since World War II and it seems that each successive manager has put everything they don't want up iic. I want rattraps and poison bait sowed around in it. Some of the third-floor chambermaids say they have heard rustling noises. I don't believe it, not for a moment, but there mustn't evehat one-in-a-hundred ce that a si inhabits the Overlook Hotel."

    Jack, who suspected that every hotel in the world had a rat or two, held his tongue.

    "Of course you wouldn't allow your son up iider any circumstances."

    "No," Jack said, and flashed the big PR smile again. Humiliating situation. Did this officious little prick actually think he would allow his son to goof around in a rattrap attic full of junk furniture and God knew what else?

    Ullman whisked away the attic floor plan and put it otom of the pile.

    "The Overlook has one hundred and te quarters," he said in a scholarly voice. "Thirty of them, all suites, are here ohird floor. Ten in the west wing (including the Presidential Suite), ten in the ter, ten more in the east wing. All of them and magnifit views."

    Could you at least spare the salestalk?

    But he kept quiet. He he job.

    Ullman put the third floor otom of the pile and they studied the sed floor.

    "Forty rooms," Ullman said, "thirty doubles and ten singles. And on the first floor, twenty of each. Plus three linen closets on each floor, and a storeroom which is at the extreme east end of the hotel on the sed floor and the extreme west end on the first. Questions?"

    Jack shook his head. Ullman whisked the sed and first floors away.

    "Now. Lobby level: Here in the ter is the registration desk. Behind it are the offices. The lobby runs fhty feet iher dire from the desk. Over here in the west wing is the Overlook Dining Room and the Colorado Louhe ba and ballroom facility is in the east wing. Questions?"